- Previously
on "The Rookie"...
- [laughs]
- Mom.
- Hey. Timmy.
- Tell your boss
the secure phone network
is no longer secure.
Federal ears are listening.
- Come on. buddy.
- It's creepy how easily
he can fake loving his family.
- They're his disguise.
They just don't know it.
- Traffic camera just captured
Glasser and his victim
in a green Jeep Cherokee.
- All those bodies
they found...
Liam did that?
- Yes.
[eerie music]
♪ ♪
- Yeah. so there's really
no script for this. you know?
Family court judges. they--
they hear BS all day long.
They just want sincerity.
Remember. you have every right
to be there...
[continues speaking
indistinctly]
- [screams]
- So just speak
from the heart.
emphasize how much
you miss your kids.
I'll handle the rest.
- Hold on one sec.
♪ ♪
Morning.
- Morning.
[overlapping screams]
[tires screeching]
[gunshots]
- Liam?
Liam!
Liam. are you there?
[gunshots]
[tires screeching]
♪ ♪
- Hey.
- Good news--
Kojo made a new friend
at the dog park this morning.
It's this sweetest
little labradoodle.
You can tell he doesn't have
two brain cells
to rub together.
but. boy. is he trying.
- Then he is right
at Kojo's level.
- [scoffs]
Oh. and I ran into Mrs. Grant.
She wants to invite us over
for dinner on Saturday.
- No. Say no.
She is the biggest gossip
in the neighborhood.
- I am aware.
which is why I said yes.
- Wha--
- I need to know
what's going on
with that yellow house.
- OK. fine.
But if she starts listing off
her ailments.
I am faking a family emergency.
- Deal.
OK. I'm gonna be late.
I need to shower.
Um--[smooches]
- OK.
[soft music]
♪ ♪
- Don't let the eggs burn!
- Yep. I'm on it.
♪ ♪
[message swooshes]
[phone ringing]
Yeah.
Sir.
[smoke detector beeping]
What?
[siren wailing]
- How's he doing?
- Stable for now.
He got hit twice.
- How about Glasser?
- Not a scratch on him.
- Do we know anything?
- It looks like
a drive-by shooting.
The mail carrier got shot.
- And Glasser did not.
Doesn't seem fair.
Innocent bystander
takes a round
while an...
equally innocent civilian
escapes harm.
- Regardless of the target.
our job remains the same--
contain the scene
and investigate.
Go push back the lines.
Press is gonna be landing soon.
We need to control
the whole block.
- Yes. sir. On it.
[siren wails]
- All right.
Let's get to it.
[siren wailing]
- So what's going on?
- My name is Malcolm Walsh.
I'm Liam Glasser's attorney.
[continues speaking
indistinctly]
- Mr. Glasser.
Glad you're OK.
- How sweet of you to say.
- Any idea who did this?
- I can only imagine.
Given my wrongful arrest
and detention.
there are a lot of people
who remain angry with me.
despite my being found
innocent.
- Being found innocent
and not prosecuted
are two different things.
- Look. none of that matters.
We're gonna need
a list of names.
anyone who's threatened you
recently.
- Of course. I'm happy to help.
- Liam. you all right?
- Given the circumstances.
- This attack needs to be
investigated
with the full weight
of the LAPD.
or I will rain down
destruction--
- OK. Dial it down. counselor.
We responded in full force as
soon as that 911 call came in.
and we are ready to dedicate
any necessary resources.
Now. Sergeant Chen will take
a formal statement
from Mr. Glasser while
Officer Nolan and I go inside.
- Hold on. hold on.
You do not have permission
to enter my client's home.
The crime scene is out here.
- Actually. you're wrong.
We need to retrieve
those bullets.
which means
we need to go inside.
- I'm not giving you a chance
to plant evidence.
- That's not gonna happen.
- You expect me to believe that
after the campaign of
harassment against my client?
- Sir. the law couldn't be
any more clear.
If you're worried
about misconduct.
you can review these body cams
once this case is over.
- All right.
Why don't you tell me
everything that happened?
The more thorough you are.
the better.
- You think he's afraid we'll
find something incriminating?
- No. Glasser's too disciplined
to leave trophies in the house.
Malcolm's just being a lawyer.
Wife and kids left him. right?
- Yeah.
Not long after the arrest.
the house became a focal point
for the anger of the victim.
so she filed
a restraining order against him
and moved in with her parents.
[clattering]
- Police! Someone here?
Show yourself now!
[suspenseful music]
- Oops.
In all the excitement.
I forgot...
♪ ♪
- Hi.
Ooh. [laughs]
- My girlfriend's inside.
- I just woke up.
What's happening?
- There was a shooting.
Who are you?
- Daisy Gallagher.
Otherwise known as
the love of Liam's life.
I'm gonna make some coffee.
You want any?
- New firm.
Day one.
Although. I gotta say.
it would feel
a little more real
if we actually had. you know.
our own office.
- To be fair. we did.
just the building
got condemned.
- And our security deposit?
- I'm working on that.
But the office.
it doesn't matter.
We can be lawyers anywhere.
- We need clients. Wes.
Otherwise. we're just two dudes
having coffee in your house.
which I'm sure
Angela cannot be happy about.
- Correct.
She threatened me
with a slow and painful death
if we're not out of here
by Thursday.
- Yeah.
[phone ringing]
- Hey.
Maybe this is a new client.
- Yeah. right.
- Hello.
- Yo. Hi.
I. uh--I got your name
from Monica Stevens.
She used to be my lawyer.
but now I guess
she got disbarred or something.
Anyway. I'm in a bit of a jam.
or a potential jam.
and she said that.
um. I should hire you.
[loud music playing]
She said that $50.000
should get the ball rolling.
- Yeah.
Uh. that is a solid retainer.
[whispering] 50K.
Can you tell me what your
potential legal liability is?
- Not on the phone.
Just come to my house.
I'll text you the address.
Oh. hey. can you pick up
some single malt on the way?
- Um--
- You know what? Never mind.
I'll just order it myself.
And hurry.
'cause I think the cops
might swing by
on the "soon" side.
- Uh. yeah.
- Come on.
You're pulling my leg.
You're telling me that was
a potential client?
- It is. indeed.
And he's in immediate need
of our services.
Just give me one second.
- Yeah. yeah. do your thing.
[line ringing]
- You're welcome!
- Thanks. I think.
Anything we need to know
about this guy?
- Ethan McAvoy.
Oh.
So he made a fortune
at the dawn of the internet
and has done
literally nothing since.
except try to spend it all
on bad lifestyle choices.
He's a dream client.
He's always getting into
some kind of trouble.
Sometimes he forgets
that he's already paid
and sends a duplicate check.
- Which you return promptly.
of course.
- You're adorable.
[phone buzzing]
Um. hey. I've gotta jump.
Good luck.
[phone clicks]
[phone buzzing]
Sam. thanks for getting back
to me so quick.
- Why the hell
did I get a bagel
with a side of burner phone
delivered to my door?
- I want a meeting with Aiden.
- [scoffs]
That's not happening.
You're a rat.
- No. I'm a double agent.
Remember. I gave your boss
a heads-up that the FBI
had access to the encrypted
phone system.
I saved him and you
from certain prosecution.
- Yeah. well. technically.
I gave him the heads-up.
all right?
Your name was never
even mentioned.
- [scoffs]
- So peddle your
cheap game of quid pro quo
somewhere else.
Aiden's off-limits.
[tense music]
♪ ♪
- Someone shot at
Liam Glasser.
- What? Was he hit?
- No.
But the mailman was.
They just took him
into surgery.
- Where the hell is karma
when you need her?
- Tell me about it.
But we probably shouldn't
joke about it.
given what happened.
- And his lawsuit
against the LAPD.
Did they catch the shooter?
- Not yet.
- Who's that?
- Missing person.
Daniel Gordon. 33.
Went to a party in the Hills
last night and didn't return.
- It's not even noon yet.
He could be just
sleeping off a bender.
- Daniel's brother went
to the party house himself
at 6:00 a.m.--
found the front door open
and the house empty.
There was blood
in the primary bedroom
and a chair with restraints
still attached.
- So either Daniel was the one
tying people up.
or he was the one in the chair.
- Agreed.
This is a delicate situation.
and I promise you.
we are handling this
with the utmost care.
[light knocking]
- Hey.
- Mom.
- Hey. what are you doing here?
- I'm staying with the boys
while Genny is at a teacher's
conference in Las Vegas.
- Wait. did she tell you
I was--
- Yes.
That you're thinking
about proposing.
So I brought Grandma's ring.
- Mom!
- She's not here. is she?
- Uh--
- No?
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I'm so excited.
- Wait. you just travel
with Grandma's ring?
- Well. my Lord.
you introduced me to Lucy.
and she's so fabulous.
And I thought
I'd better be prepared.
- Yeah.
Mom. this is. uh--
this is so sweet.
Thank you.
But I have a very busy day.
so maybe we can just talk
about this after shift.
- OK. Yeah. yeah.
And I am so happy for you.
And it means a lot to me that
you want to use Grandma's ring.
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
- Round-the-clock
surveillance is
tens of thousands of dollars.
- Is that coming out
of your salary?
No?
Then I don't see the problem.
- He wants us to offer Glasser
24-hour security.
- [sighs]
You haven't caught the shooter.
He's in danger.
- Look.
I'll have units
check on him hourly
until this is resolved.
[watch chimes]
- Yeah. that's not good enough.
- OK. look.
we're already understaffed.
I need resources to protect
the rest of the city.
- Look. Glasser's suing
the city for $6 million.
If something happens to him
under your watch.
that could double.
Every time the LAPD settles.
that's more money we don't have
for foster care
and homelessness.
- Yeah. we're well aware.
- You may not be able
to afford to protect Glasser.
but the city can't afford
not to.
So figure it out.
- Understood.
We will not let Liam Glasser
out of our sight.
- Make it fast.
- This is a nightmare.
- Yeah.
It is what it is.
I need you on the shooter.
The faster we bring him in.
the faster Glasser's
out of our lives.
Now. my money is on a family
member of one of the victims.
So cross-reference that list
with gray sedans.
see if anyone bought a gun
recently.
- Got it.
And you're sure
you want me on this?
- Every step of this case
needs to be bulletproof.
I know you'll make sure it is.
- OK.
[pensive music]
♪ ♪
- We need to get to court.
- Well. maybe I should request
an adjournment.
With this shooting. we have
clear extenuating
circumstances.
- Yeah.
ones that could make him
hesitant to rule in my favor.
- Yes. sir.
- LAPD will be providing
round-the-clock
protection for you
until this shooter's
been apprehended.
- You're my bodyguard?
- Officer Penn and I
will be taking
the first shift. yes. sir.
- Hm.
Then you can escort us
to court.
- Court? For what?
- I'm suing my ex-wife for
joint custody of our children.
[tense music]
♪ ♪
- Took you long enough.
[chuckles] Score.
So last night.
I rented a house in the Hills.
just a selective
little get-together
for a hundred
of my closest friends.
I don't actually remember
most of it
because I was strung way out
on some premium yeyo.
And then...
this morning. I got a call
from the brother
of one of my guests--
someone I barely know.
by the way.
And it turns out that
this particular guest.
Daniel. didn't make it home.
- When was the last time
that you saw Daniel?
- Last night at the party.
Everything was chill.
I mean. he was still there when
I bounced at. like. 2:00 a.m.
- OK. that's good.
Has Daniel ever been
inside this house?
- No way.
I barely know the guy.
- So there's nothing
the cops could find
if they were to show up
with a warrant?
- Absolutely not.
- Warrant or no warrant.
when the cops do come knocking.
it might be a good idea
to put on some fresh clothes
and maybe not be
high as a kite.
- [laughs]
- Yeah.
- That's a good point.
Let me go get cleaned up.
[chuckles]
- All right.
Oops.
That's not a bathroom.
- No.
- Which seems incredible.
considering
this place has. like.
19 of them.
[light music]
Oh. my God!
[door closes]
- Uh...
hey. everything OK?
- Yes.
Sorry. Maybe.
Uh. remind me of the rules.
Legally...
[whispering]
If you see a dead body.
do you have to tell somebody?
- Is there a dead body
in your bathroom?
- I feel like you should answer
my question first.
- [sighs]
- Right.
Right.
- Mm.
- Hypothetically. if there was
somebody in there.
would calling 911
for medical attention
be of any benefit to them
at all?
- No.
- OK. would you excuse us
for a minute?
I just need to confer
with my colleague.
Come here.
♪ ♪
What the hell are we
doing here?
- Look. if we don't know
what's in that room.
we got nothing to say
to the police.
- I am not comfortable
with this.
- Join the club. Sean.
But this is the job.
Our duty is to our client.
And the law is crystal clear.
"The People versus Meredith."
Attorney-client privilege is
not limited to conversation.
It also extends
to observations made
as a consequence
of protected communications.
Right?
- Yeah.
[alarm beeping]
- Motion sensor alarm.
Front door!
- Terrific.
♪ ♪
- [chuckles]
- Why is my husband's car here?
- Hey!
- What are you doing here?
- Oh. uh--well. Sean and I
signed our first client.
Yay!
- Great.
We need to talk to him
about the party
he threw in the Hills
last night.
- Yeah.
that's not gonna happen.
- You know how this works.
Ethan McAvoy is exercising his
Fifth Amendment right
to prevent against
self-incrimination.
- Oh. believe me. I get it.
Daniel Gordon is missing.
and your client was
the last person
to see him alive.
Of course he doesn't
wanna talk to us.
- Oh. come on.
There were a hundred people
at that party.
It's a bit of a stretch
to assume that Ethan was
involved in something
nefarious.
- Well. actually. we talked
to several of the party guests.
and they witnessed
Daniel and Ethan arguing
when Daniel wanted to leave
around 1:00 a.m.
- Yeah. Ethan pulled him
back inside.
said he had something cool
to show him upstairs.
And this morning. police found
blood and restraints
in the primary bedroom.
along with personal items
belonging to Daniel.
but no Daniel.
- Mm.
Well. that is all
incredibly circumstantial
and irrelevant at this moment.
because you do not have
a warrant to enter this house.
- We'll be back
with the search warrant.
- I look forward to that.
[tense music]
♪ ♪
- I got a gift for you.
- I doubt it.
Actually. it's more
for the task force.
But I'm hoping to get paid
a little extra.
- And there it is.
- But it would be
money well spent.
The FBI has been chasing
Aiden Warner for a decade.
Now. I hear his right-hand man.
Sam Warrick.
is looking for a way out.
If you make the right approach.
he'll flip on his boss.
But you need to move quick.
- What are you looking
to get out of this?
- I was thinking six figures.
maybe seven.
- [laughs]
Lucky for me. that's
a Garza conversation to have.
- Fair enough.
- Now. I assume you have
a point of view of how
I should make contact?
- That I do.
- You know. you should
really consider rehab.
I know a great facility.
- Yeah. yeah. OK.
It's on my bucket list.
- Yeah.
- Mm.
How'd that go?
- Oh. it's fine.
They're gone.
But they will come back
when they have a warrant.
and they will find
whatever it is you're hiding.
- Yeah. understood.
Um...[groans]
I am dead on my feet.
[laughs]
I'm--I'm gonna crash
for a couple hours.
and then. um. I'll be able
to think more clearly.
Seriously. fellas.
you don't gotta go home.
but you can't stay here.
- Don't do anything
to make this worse.
[upbeat music]
[line ringing]
- Hi. Mr. Farina.
Yes. this is
Detective Nyla Harper.
I need to talk with you
about Liam Glasser--
[line disconnects. dial tone]
Hello?
OK.
Yes. I am calling regarding an
attack made on Liam Glasser.
I--mm.
I was hoping to verify
your whereabouts
at 7:00 this morning.
[beeping]
Are you there?
♪ ♪
Yeah.
So according to my records.
you own a gray sedan.
Is that--
Hello?
[beeping]
I need to talk with you
about Liam Glasser.
[line clicks. dial tone]
And you're gone.
- Hey.
Any luck with
the victims' families?
- I am still working my way
down the list.
Half of them hang up
when I mention Glasser.
Half hang up
when I give my name.
and the other half say.
"If I shot at that bastard.
I wouldn't have missed."
- I don't think
that's how math works.
But. hey. what do I know?
Ballistics report.
Shooter used
a 9-millimeter handgun.
- Really?
It's not exactly a weapon
of choice for a drive-by.
No wonder they missed.
All right. I will check
the gun registry
for victims' family members.
- Bradford. your office.
- Godspeed.
- First thing we do.
let's kill all the lawyers.
Shakespeare said that.
- What did Wesley do?
- He's representing
the prime suspect
in a potential homicide
I'm investigating.
and he's jamming me up.
- OK.
So his job is now
to make you do your job.
You've been here before.
You'll do it again.
- Jury's out on whether
the marriage survives it.
- Speaking of. uh.
there is something
that I would like to show you
in secret.
- Oh. my God.
it's finally happening.
- Keep your voice down.
Yes. it is happening
eventually.
But my mom found out
and ran over here
with my grandma's
engagement ring.
and now I don't know
what to think.
- Uh. I think using
a family ring is
a beautiful way
to honor the--oh. no.
You can't use this.
- Right?
It's just--it's so gaudy.
- And purple.
Is that part of the problem?
I mean. maybe I could just
switch out the stone.
- It's all a problem.
You cannot propose to Lucy
with this monstrosity.
♪ ♪
[upbeat music]
- Nice place.
- Whatever you're selling.
I don't want it.
- That's not what I heard.
Monica tells me you're
in a difficult situation.
and you're looking
for a way out.
You know. I can help with that.
- I don't know
what you're talking about.
- Look. I get it.
It's a big step.
but what we can--
[tense music]
♪ ♪
[door shuts]
- Aiden.
- It's all right. J.
Monica here is an old friend.
- Better friend
than you even realize.
I'm here with information
that'll save your life.
- Really?
- There's a mole
in your organization.
- The only mole here is you.
Everybody knows that
you work for the FBI.
- Which is how I know
that lately.
your name has been
on every federal agent's lips.
I wondered why.
so I did a little
investigating.
That is Lieutenant Wade Grey
of the LAPD/FBI task force
meeting with your number two.
You've been sold out by
the man you trusted the most.
- Maybe.
Or maybe this is just a setup.
- No.
Remember when Sam told you
that the FBI had
cracked into the encrypted
phone network?
He steered you to use
the system that he found.
That was under instructions
from the task force.
[tires screeching]
- We'll find out.
- Hey. whatever she's
telling you. it's a lie.
♪ ♪
- You talking to the Feds. Sam?
- No.
- She has you on video.
- That guy just sat down.
She's probably the one
who sent him.
- How did you know about
the encrypted phones then?
- She told me.
- I did not!
OK. let's say I did.
Don't you think Sam here
would have told you that
that information came from me?
- You bitch.
♪ ♪
- She's right.
- No.
For God's sake. man.
she's lying!
♪ ♪
- Kill him.
- She's lying!
[gunshots]
[grunting]
- Finish him off.
[gunshot]
♪ ♪
Wait.
Why shouldn't I just
toss you in there with him?
- Because I can help you.
I'm looking for
an exit package.
a one-time payment
that will get me
out of the game for life.
You give me that.
I will get the FBI
to target anyone you want.
clear the field of your rivals
so you can corner the market.
♪ ♪
[indistinct chatter]
- They were supposed to use
the other entrance.
- Dad?
- Hey. buddy.
- Hey. stay away from him.
The restraining order is
still enforceable here.
- He just wants
to hug his child.
- Cut the theatrics.
No contact
outside supervised visits
unless that judge says
otherwise.
And since he hasn't
said that yet.
we're gonna abide by the terms.
- All right.
All right.
We're not gonna do this.
Everyone take a step back.
Why don't you get Theo
squared away?
- OK.
Remember what we talked about?
The judge might wanna hear
from you. but it'll be private.
You can just tell him
anything you feel. OK?
OK.
What are you doing here?
- It's a protective detail.
Why don't you get them inside.
check the other doors?
- Gentlemen.
- I just need a minute.
What do you mean. protective?
- Someone shot at Liam
this morning.
- What? Where?
- At the house.
- Oh. my God. Are we safe?
- Our best guess is
someone blames Liam
for what happened
to their loved ones.
He was the only target.
no one else.
- I have to tell Diana.
If anything. this will help us
fight his custody suit.
It's not safe for him
to be around my children.
♪ ♪
- Hey. you got a second?
- Yeah. I'm just waiting on
the gun registry
to get back to me
about recent purchases
that haven't made it into the
system yet.
Should I be scared?
- No. It's. uh.
just beyond top secret.
- Oh. is it happening?
- It's complicated.
You'll know why
when you open the box.
- Sweet Lord.
- OK.
See. I thought
Angela was overreacting.
Is it really that bad?
- Ooh. 100%.
Let me guess. Grandmother?
- Yeah. and it'll break
my mom's heart
if I don't use it. but I--
- But nothing.
You get down on one knee
and hand Lucy this abomination.
she will start crying.
and not in a good way.
- OK. well. on the other hand.
I tell my mom
GG's ring is hideous.
and she'll start crying too.
- Ah.
I am suddenly starting to feel
so much better
about how my day is going.
[chuckles]
- Thanks for nothing.
- Your Honor.
this past year has been
the most painful of my life.
Being accused of
horrific crimes
that I did not commit
almost broke me.
But the one thing
that kept me going
was the thought
that I would one day
get to hold my children again.
I know that the LAPD's
allegations have
destroyed my marriage.
I've given up hope
of convincing Miranda
of my innocence.
But I won't give up on my kids.
I need them to know that
I would never hurt anyone
and that I love them.
[pensive music]
- Thank you.
It's getting late.
We are in recess until
11:00 a.m. tomorrow morning.
[gavel bangs]
- That was perfect.
I gotta run to a meeting.
I'll call you later.
Keep him safe.
- What do you think. John?
Did I sway the judge?
- It's Officer Nolan.
Let's go.
♪ ♪
- What do you mean
he's already been picked up?
Where is my son?
- Stay with Glasser.
- Where's the woman
who was here earlier?
- I don't--I'm sorry.
I don't know.
Your son knew the lady
that picked him up.
She said that she was his mom.
- I'm his mother!
- Officer. I need a full
lockdown. nobody in or out.
Door-to-door search
for Theo Glasser.
Nine-year-old boy. brown hair.
blue sweater. brown pants.
- Hey. let me go with you.
I have to help find him.
- Absolutely not.
It's too dangerous.
He does not leave this hallway.
- Yes. sir.
- You're with me.
Come on.
Excuse me.
One of you this way.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
That's him.
Cancel lockdown.
I got eyes on Theo. He's safe.
East corridor.
- Is your card
the eight of spades?
- How'd you do that?
- [laughs]
- Ma'am. please stand up.
Step away from the boy.
- Oh. I'm not done
with my trick.
- Stand up and step away now.
- [panting]
Theo!
Theo.
Oh. my God.
- Did you tell the child center
you were his mom?
- No.
Of course not.
I said I was his stepmom.
- Stepmom?
- Well. I will be.
I hope.
I met Theo at the last
visitation.
Liam didn't tell you about me?
- She was reported
as a potential babysitter.
not some booty call.
- Daisy. what are you
doing here?
- I came to see you and Theo.
I'm so sorry
Liam didn't tell you about us.
I know it must be hard
to find out this way.
- He tortured and killed
eight people.
Do you really think I care
which one of us moves on first?
- All right.
let's go back to our corners.
Officer Penn.
will you please escort
Mr. Glasser and Daisy
to their cars?
I'll be right there.
- Let's go.
- Bye. Theo.
I love you so much.
- Bye. Dad.
- He did this on purpose.
He is toying with me to show
that he is still in charge.
- I am so sorry this happened.
There will be a full
investigation. I promise.
I'm sorry. I have to take this.
Yeah?
- Hey. where are you?
- At family court.
Officer Penn is escorting
Mr. Glasser back to his car.
I'm with the ex-wife.
- OK. do not let her
out of your sight.
- Why?
- Three days ago. she bought
a 9-millimeter handgun.
♪ ♪
- Mrs. Glasser--
- Calvert.
I dropped his name months ago.
- Ms. Calvert. if you could
please take a seat.
- How insane do you think I am?
The stupidest thing
I could do for my children
is shoot at that man.
Why would I risk prison
when I'm the only parent.
the only safe place
those kids have?
- OK. listen. I know that
this can be difficult--
- You don't know anything.
He is out of prison
because of you.
We could have moved away.
rebuilt our lives
anywhere else
if it hadn't been for you.
And you know what?
If he gets access to those
kids. that's on you too.
- Not entirely.
Look. I am well-versed in
your ex-husband's head games.
He is playing you.
just like he played me.
taunting and goading
until I acted irrationally.
all the while playing
the sweet and innocent victim.
- Yes.
And he's going to use the fact
that the LAPD suspects me
of gun violence against him as
leverage to get joint custody.
He wins yet again.
Thanks a lot for that.
- All right. so let's get you
off of the suspect list
so that does not happen.
Look. the only way for you
to take away his power
is to not give yours away.
I let my emotions take over.
and that nearly cost me
my career.
Your family is on the line.
The stakes could not be higher.
And being painted
as the crazy lady
in a patriarchal justice system
does not end well for you.
I am on your side. Miranda.
But you have to stay
in control.
[tense music]
So please. just..
talk to me.
♪ ♪
- Hey.
Is everything OK?
- [sighs]
Not really.
I spent the day forcing myself
to be professional
next to a serial killer
whom I have to pretend
isn't a serial killer.
And even worse.
it looks like
there's a very real chance
he'll get joint custody
of his kids.
How is it that the universe
loves Liam Glasser so much?
- Love is a strong word.
His luck will run out
eventually.
- I wish I could be satisfied
with that idea.
- Look. no one is satisfied
by that idea. John.
It's just something we say
to make ourselves feel better
when we realize we can't
control other people's lives.
- You're right.
Life never promised
to be just or fair.
- Neither does your job.
But just so it is said out loud
and your feelings
are validated.
it is totally unfair that you
have to protect a serial killer
who tried to kill you.
- Thank you for saying that.
You make everything better.
- I'm sorry. but I have to pee.
- That's too bad.
You should have thought of that
before you engaged me.
- [chuckles]
[camera shutter clicking]
- So your hunch paid off.
Literally within an hour
of us landing.
he drove
to a home improvement store.
- Let me guess--
he wasn't there
to improve his home.
- That is correct.
Looks like he picked up
a hacksaw
and pretty much
everything else you'd need
to dispose of a body.
- Stay on him.
I'll get the on-call judge
to sign off on a warrant.
- A warrant?
For what?
- Hm?
- That's cute.
But seriously.
warrant for what?
- Wouldn't you like to know?
- Uh. yeah. no.
I would love to know.
That would be very.
very helpful for me.
But I can tell that
you're not gonna help me.
[sighs]
[line ringing]
Hey. Sean.
- Hey.
- Meet me at Ethan's house.
Angela's got
her search warrant.
I will be there in about--
- Daddy. what's for dinner?
- I'll be there when I can.
[sighs]
Who wants chicken nuggets?
- Me!
[indistinct police
radio chatter]
[tense music]
♪ ♪
- Sean.
- She already had the warrant
when I got here.
- Did she find anything?
♪ ♪
- OK. I know this looks bad.
but I swear I'm innocent.
- We caught you
cutting up the body.
- OK. that I did do.
but I didn't kill anyone.
both: Stop talking.
- Don't say a word until
we talk to you
at the station. OK?
♪ ♪
[car engine starts]
- Are you saying
that you can't help me?
- No. of course we can help.
- But they have evidence.
Ethan--
very strong evidence
that you killed Daniel Gordon.
- I didn't. though.
It was Walter.
- Who's Walter?
- Old friend.
Bad influence.
I met--I met him years ago
when I was riding high.
And. uh. a couple months ago.
we got together.
and I was telling him
how the cash was
finally gonna run out.
I was gonna have to sell
my house.
And he said to me.
"I've got a plan."
All right.
something that he had done
in. um. Nevada and New York.
He said low-risk. big payoff.
and foolproof.
- What was this plan?
What did he need you to do?
- Rent a party house
and invite a fund crowd.
Walter had met this
spot trader named Daniel
who was bragging
about his fat Bitcoin wallet.
I--I was supposed to show
the guy a good time.
get him drunk. get him stoned.
and bring him upstairs.
And then Walter would hit him
with some sodium pentothal.
And an hour later. Daniel
would give up his password.
Next day.
he wouldn't remember a thing.
and by the time
he checked his accounts.
we would have drained them dry.
- Daniel was beaten.
- I mean. I didn't stick around
for any of that.
I went home.
Next thing I remember.
it's morning.
and Daniels' brother's
on the phone.
And that's when I knew
something bad
must have happened.
I've been texting Walter
all day.
and he--he does not answer.
- Well. that's because
he set you up.
He snuck into your house
after you were passed out.
left Daniel's body
in your bathroom.
Probably split town.
- Mm.
- And--and what happens now?
- You know. we'll do our best
to cut you a good deal.
but you are gonna
have to come clean.
tell the DA everything
you know about Walter
and what happened that night.
- And If I don't wanna do that?
- They charge you with murder.
You go to trial.
and. in my professional
opinion. you lose.
- But I didn't kill him.
- It doesn't matter
what you did. Ethan.
It matters what they can prove
to a jury.
- Yeah.
OK.
I didn't used to be
this screwed up.
I ran a successful business.
People looked up to me.
What the hell happened?
[upbeat music]
- ♪ Thought I had a man ♪
- This must be
killing everyone.
needing to protect me.
after all we've been through.
Tell me. how's Detective Harper
doing with it?
♪ ♪
- I wouldn't know.
- Mm.
Tell her I've been
thinking about her.
- I surely won't.
♪ ♪
[phone ringing]
- Hey. what's up?
- Hey. are you at
the courthouse yet?
- Uh. we're just landing now.
- OK. you need to get Glasser
to a secure location.
We have ID'd the shooter.
His name is Lance Thomas.
Glasser killed his father.
Lance's phone GPS puts him
at the courthouse.
and gun records show he bought
more than just a 9-millimeter.
[siren wailing]
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
Get down!
[person screams]
[gunshot]
- [grunts]
- Officer down!
Shots fired at
family courthouse.
Shooter is a white male.
shotgun.
dark hair. brown shirt.
♪ ♪
Police!
Drop the weapon!
- What?
- Police! Drop it!
[gunshots]
♪ ♪
You hit bad?
- I don't think so.
- All right. stay here.
Radio for ambulance and backup.
- [groans]
♪ ♪
[people yelling]
- Get down!
♪ ♪
Get down!
- [grunts]
♪ ♪
- Oh!
- [panting]
- Gun!
He's got a gun!
- [grunts]
[gun cocks]
- No. no. no!
- You killed my dad!
- No. I didn't.
I didn't.
The police. they--
they made that all up.
[gunshot]
- Shut up!
You were the last face he saw.
And now I'm the last face
you'll ever see.
♪ ♪
[siren wailing]
- Officer down!
[soft music]
Officer down.
Requesting an RN
to my location.
Hey.
- [gasps]
- Oh. my God.
- [grunts]
Am I dead?
- No.
As far as I can tell.
the vest caught it all.
- I feel like I've been
kicked by a horse.
- OK. look. stay still. OK?
Ambulance is on the way.
- You took a bullet for me.
- Yeah. how about that?
[gasping]
[machine beeping]
- Are you OK?
How did this happen?
- Oh. you know. just being
my regular heroic self and--
- [sighs]
- Ah!
- Did you check
for a cardiac contusion?
- Yes.
- And a pneumothorax. because--
- A broken rib could puncture
the pleural sac.
Yes. we checked.
- Yeah. see?
I am fine.
- That's not what I said.
You'll be in agony
for the next week.
But all in all.
you were very lucky.
- [sighs]
Looks like Glasser's not
the only one
the universe loves.
This is too loose.
I'm gonna fix this.
- OK. it's--I'm fine.
I'm all right.
You don't have to fuss.
- You don't get to tell me
to stop fussing.
I have been very clear--
no getting shot.
You get shot. there are
serious consequences.
- Really? Like what?
- First of all.
I'm gonna dote on you
like a Victorian invalid.
- Torture.
- You will not lift a finger
next week.
- That is strict. but fair.
[soft music]
- I'm glad you're OK.
- Me too.
[Cautious Clay's "Wildfire"]
- ♪ Your eyes are
like weapons ♪
- So how do you feel
about your first case
as a defense attorney?
- Oh. it was...
different.
- [laughs]
- You know. I used to think
of the grieving families
as my clients.
and now I'm defending a guy
who chops up bodies.
- Oh. they're not all
as bad as Ethan.
- Some are worse?
- They pay less.
- That's a great combo.
Look. I get it. though.
I mean. Ethan's not a good guy.
But when you got all this
working against you.
you need someone who's
completely on your side.
That's where we fit in.
- Hm.
We keep them honest.
And deep down.
even Angela appreciates that.
- Yeah. maybe.
I'll see you.
- Oh. if you're not busy.
found an office space
you're gonna love.
- Great.
As long as it's not
in a strip mall.
- Well. come on.
Can't beat the convenience
of a cell phone repair
and a boba tea right next door.
- Hey. how about
I pick the office.
OK?
- Sure.
- Yeah.
- ♪ Wildfire in my head ♪
♪ Hope it's what you meant ♪
♪ Not just what you do ♪
♪ This love is so costly ♪
♪ It's killing me softly ♪
♪ Don't know what to call it ♪
[knocking on door]
♪ You make it look easy ♪
♪ The way that you... ♪
- Hey.
- Hi.
- I'm excited.
Lucy's not here. is she?
- No. but she'll be home
in about 15 minutes.
and. uh. I just wanted a little
one-on-one time with my mom.
- OK. why does that
sound ominous?
- Because it's about
Grandma's ring.
- You don't like it?
- No. I--it's--
it's very. very special.
It is.
And I was excited
to give it to Lucy.
But. you know.
I went and got it appraised.
and that--that stone.
it--it's actually cut glass.
♪ ♪
- It's fake?
- Yeah.
- ♪ Wildfire in my heart ♪
- [laughs] Oh. my God!
I wondered how
Daddy could afford
a ring so big
straight out of high school.
- Look. I think
Lucy would love it
for its history.
its sentimental value.
but I--I can't ask her with it.
- I understand.
I do.
- ♪ Not just what you do ♪
- It's really glass?
Thank you for telling me.
- What if I took you
ring shopping with me?
I think I know Lucy's taste.
but I would love to have
your perspective.
- Really?
- ♪ Not just what you do ♪
- Tim!
Moms never get to do this part.
I'd love that.
- OK.
♪ ♪
- Hey.
What did I miss?
♪ ♪
- One omelet. side of toast.
and a glass of OJ.
- [sighs]
The classic breakfast in bed.
- Honestly. it's the only way
to actually keep you in bed.
- Yes. because you're
so good at sitting still.
I mean. thank you.
I love you.
I could not ask for more.
Are we out of coffee?
- I'll go get you some.
- I don't deserve you.
[phone ringing]
- You don't.
- Hello?
- It's Diana.
Miranda's attorney.
I need your help.
She's gone AWOL.
Her parents said
she loaded up the car
with the kids
and left before dawn.
If she misses her
2:00 p.m. court date today.
she's gonna get arrested
for kidnapping.
- And Liam Glasser would get
sole custody of those kids.
♪ ♪
[upbeat music]
- Damn it.